And on the 103rd day, his hollow gaze towards the Greek horizon, thinking how summer waves on the beach was just a fucking cliche. The sky instinctively felt blue, but its color was washed away by Chalkidiki’s unforgiving August sun. He shook his head at the memory.

And returned to the 104th day. A day of celebration.

He looked around for his globe.

Where’s my globe - shifting his gaze to the others; you stupid little shit, you had one job to do. Do you even have any idea who I am? What I’ve done?

Where’s my globe?

Intolerance swelled in him, impatience, restlessness. These idiots. It was just hopeless; a simple thing, fetch the man his globe, was so complex, so hard for you people. I just don’t get how incompetent you are. Unable to see beyond your nose. Unable to imagine there’s even a beyond, beyond your nose. How is it that humanity was able to survive and accomplish so much with you people. And how stupid was he for believing, for years and years and years, that there was actually something to them, something worth believing in, something worth elevating?

He was handed the globe, his arm lingering.

You know what.

Of course you don’t know what I’ve done. How could you. So, you just sit there, do nothing, as usual.

Useless.

Is this thing on?

He tapped the mic, feeling an idiot himself. He shrugged. He could calculate the amplitude to stupid cow expression ratio.

This is not a fucking interview - more so rambling to himself as he placed himself on the stool.

In fact, this is one of the best, most amazing interviews you’ve ever seen.

Because of what I’ve done. Things you can’t even imagine.

You’re here to listen. Observe.

Admire.

Oh, we’re ready? Shocking.

He exchanged a few glances with the others, smiling fondly. His eyes met the floor, deep in thought: Venice, Padua, Bologna, Florence, Pisa, Rome - oh, how glorious was he in Rome - Salerno, Gerache, Sicily, Malta; and Greece, he was the most attractive topic of discussion at the wedding. 14 days to get to a wedding, backpacking across the mountainous spine of Greece? Who does that?!

Nobody.

He chuckled, fiddling with the globe, waiting for the signal from the incompetent - yup, that’s what I’ll call you. The Incompetent. Seems fitting.

And what about the beginning? That first part, the part when the past, present and future were laid out in front of him and he undid everything? Nobody has even a spark of his grit, his stamina, his perseverance to face life at its bone.

There’s no saving you, is there - laughing, eyes still locked on the floor.

He lifted the globe to camera level, a miraculous sense of massive accomplishment making him feel truly infinite.

How he fixed everything.

I’m the one you see when you scroll through social media, like sheep. I’m the one you envy, because you have no skill. I’m the one that lights up the locations you dream of visiting.

So, sit back. In silence.

And I’ll tell you the story of greatness.